So now with the navigation finished let's add more components.
Let's finish our our page just to be precise like the Post's page.
It's empty right now.
So why don't we fill it in the same way we add content to our main index page so I'll actually copy
the featured posts section from that index that you follow here to the index that you follow in the
posts folder like that.
And now I also want to copy the Stahl's day of 4.
So I will grab my featured Post's Style here and put that into that index that you fall here too.
So I got the Post's Page and my featured posts and dad could actually just be maybe post a list or something
like that.
It doesn't really matter.
But we're not really featuring posts should be all our posts and I want to reflect this in D.C.'s S
class with that if we go to the block page now and reload it we actually get an error that post preview
as an unknown element and that makes a lot of sense because we're not importing it.
So let's go back to the next the view file in the pages folder and let's grab that import pointing to
post preview.
And here we see the advantage of that sign.
We won't need to adjust it even though we move into a different folder now and add it to the script
section of this indexed view file in our hosts files so to say.
So I'll add it here and now we can always add the components property and register to post preview component
as a local component in this page here too.
And I will show an alternative to this later in the course.
Now if we reload we all see the posts here on the block page and that is much better now because now
it looks more like a blog.
Now I'm not done yet though since we used the same code here in the Post's Page edit our starting page
for rendering a list of posts.
We could also outsource data into a separate reusable component.
So in the post folder in the cupolas folder we could add a post list to view file in which template
we simply put this section of post lists so this section where we recently changed the C S S Class all
CAPTUS and post it or add it into my post list that you follow like this and now we all need to bring
the styles.
So I'll add my style property and scope it and I will now go back to the index that you follow in the
posts folder and grab the entire styles from the post list here.
I'll leave the Post's page style here because I still want to have that layout in this page so it does
cut out Styles.
I'll add two to my post list doc view file and now of course since I'm using POST preview in the post
list now I should also import that component here.
So let's go back to the index of you fall from before and let's copy that script section and let's add
it to the post list view file here.
And with that we're registering the post preview here.
Now we can use to post list in both our starting page and the Post's page.
So adjust the import there pointing at post preview previously.
All now point to post list.
So to this new component we just created and now we can simply put the post list component into this
post's page component and I'll do just the same in my main starting page here.
I will also just use host list like this.
I don't need the wrapping section because to read the section is actually part of the post list now
so let's remove it and an only child just import an assignment and decomposed into property or two pointing
to post list with all these changes if we save dead and we reload this app.
It should still work all right and look the same as before but now we're actually managing the list
of posts in a separate component which again is the way you should work with next.
And you.